>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>> People are basically going
to keep on to help uncover what
really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> We need to give
people the information.
>> NARRATOR: And now the host
of the nationally syndicated
"Coast to Coast AM" and Gaiam
TV bring you "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> GEORGE NOORY: The sad part of
living is one day all of us are
going to die.
Now I'm sure many of you aren't
in any rush to get there,
but imagine dying three times.
That's one of the
things we're going
to talk about on
"Beyond Belief."
My guest tonight, noted
author, "Saved By the Light,"
this person died three times.
And thank God, he's here to
talk about it, Dannion Brinkley.
All right, hey,
you're looking good.
>> DANNION BRINKLEY: You're
the one looking good.
Way to go, George.
>> NOORY: Gosh,
it's been awhile.
How are you?
>> BRINKLEY: It's
been way too long.
>> NOORY: Before we get into
these incredible things that
happened to you, I want you
know that the Dannion is now
devoting his life to what he
calls the Twilight Brigade.
Somebody like me,
I spent nine years
in the United States Navy.
I understand--
>> BRINKLEY: Come on.
>> NOORY: --what's it's like.
>> BRINKLEY: Service
is service, right?
>> NOORY: Well,
service is service.
But you spend almost
all your waking time
at the bedside of soldiers
who are almost ready to die.
And you, my friend, deserve
a round of applause.
>> BRINKLEY: Well,
thank you, George.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> [APPLAUSE]But do
you know what, George?
If you go through
this experience
that we presently call death,
and you realize that it never
really happens-- I grew
up as a complete jackass,
tough, redneck, hillbilly
from South Carolina.
>> NOORY: You were mean.
>> BRINKLEY: And served in the
Marine Corps during that weird
time.
And when you start to see
that kind of personality,
and you see the world
from that point of view,
you would never even
appreciate the idea
of that there was
a life after death.
And if you grew up in
the fundamentalist South,
you knew for sure you
were going to hell.
And from the time I
was five years old,
everybody told me I
was going to hell.
But when you suddenly
discover-- one day
you're talking on the phone.
You don't believe any of that
stuff, fundamentalist religion
and spirituality and these palm
readers and all that stuff,
you don't believe
any of that crap.
One day, you get
struck by lightning,
you're burning in your own fire.
You cannot move.
You don't know what happened.
And lightning hits me
in the side of the head,
and it goes down
my spine, and it
welds the nails of the heels
of my shoes to the floor,
throws me in the air and
suspends me in the air
and throws me back down.
I can't see and I can't move.
And then all of a sudden
I lift out of my body.
Dr. Raymond Moody's
legendary book
had not been written, George.
I had nowhere to turn to as
I'm looking down at my body
and watching what's
going on around me.
But I'm watching it from
a different point view.
I'm watching it from a point
of view as I'm an observer.
Like watching a 3-D
film, I'm an observer.
>> NOORY: And no pain.
No pain.
>> BRINKLEY: No pain
and I could see.
When I was lying on
the floor, the flash
of the ball of lightning burnt
my eyes so bad I couldn't see.
But when I lifted
out, I could see.
I was safe.
I was at peace.
And I was looking at it
from another point of view.
I was an observer of the events,
as opposed to a participant.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> BRINKLEY: I just need
to let everybody know.
After I went through
this standard, near-death
experience, it took
me two years to learn
to walk and feed myself.
>> NOORY: Oh, my God.
>> BRINKLEY: I was
dead for 28 minutes.
I was completely
paralyzed for six days,
partially paralyzed for
seven months, two years
to learn to walk
and feed myself.
If I had not discovered that
this is just a part of life,
I would have never made it.
I would never made it.
And where we move to, in
this advancing world of where
we are, where
we're moving to is,
we now have doctors
who are going
through the
near-death experience,
with the standard arguments used
by scientists as their basis.
But now those doctors are
having these experiences.
>> NOORY: Exactly.
I interviewed, on "Coast to
Coast," Dr. Evan Alexander,
a neurosurgeon who never would
have believed in the afterlife.
But he had meningitis.
He was in a coma.
And he said, I came back.
It exists.
It's real.
You found that out, not
once, not twice, three times.
>> BRINKLEY: But what you
have to also look at, George,
is this.
I was a non-believer.
But when you lift
out of your body
and you see the spiritual
identity of yourself,
you recognize the
safety of where you are.
And that I have gone through
struck by lightning, 13
years later, open heart surgery,
seven years after that, brain
surgery, given less than
a 10% chance of surviving.
After the brain surgery, I
spent 41 hours in recovery
because they could
bring me back.
Then I had a massive
grand mall seizure,
went into cardiac arrest,
and was put in life support.
>> NOORY: Are you done
with those episodes now?
>> BRINKLEY: I need one more.
>> NOORY: You want
one more, huh?
>> BRINKLEY: One
more, because, look,
when you realize you don't die,
and you realize the science is
coming forth to prove it, we
don't have to listen to swamis
and people being
contemplating their navel.
We don't have to listen to that.
The argument in science with
it based on quantum dynamics
and quantum physics is
quantifying the fact
that the possibility
of it exists.
They called it the
non-local reality
of probable possibilities.
It's a scientific term,
because in quarks they're
seeing all these things
come to-- there are neurons.
>> NOORY: And they
can't explain it.
>> BRINKLEY: Not only
can then not explain it,
they have to recognize
that it exists.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> BRINKLEY: So here is
where we sit it in this age.
In this age of
transformation, we
have to take a good look
at death as a value.
And why it's so
important, and why
I'm so glad that
you and this show
are doing this, baby boomers.
>> NOORY: That's us.
>> BRINKLEY: Yes, sir.
Well, we're the
next on the list.
OK.
We are the largest
expanded group
of births in Western
history, 1945 to 1967.
With the few people who have
come in with green cards,
and maybe a few who don't,
we're roughly 81 million people
of the population.
>> NOORY: I hope I'm
down on that list.
>> BRINKLEY: I hope
I'm right at the top.
>> NOORY: We'll you've been
there before, I haven't.
>> BRINKLEY: But
this is the point.
You see, George, I know
there's life after death,
because I had one
death experience
for 28 minutes,
wrapped, tagged, bagged.
And then two near-death
experiences, open heart surgery
and brain surgery.
So I have a 22 year
period to observe.
And because of this
event, the greatest thing
that anybody can take from
the near-death experience,
there is no such thing as death.
You have to get over it.
>> NOORY: Do you think you were
sent back to give us messages?
>> BRINKLEY: Well, I was
on a radio show with one
of your competitors,
if you have any.
>> NOORY: We don't have
competitors on the radio show.
>> BRINKLEY: Just checking.
I had to clarify the language.
I was on a show and
someone asked me,
they said, Mr. Brinkley, you
have like a Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde personality.
I said, yeah, what's the point?
>> NOORY: As you smacked them.
>> BRINKLEY: Well,
or thought about it.
Given the maximum opportunity
to die for whatever
you believed in.
And so when you listen
to it, I said, well.
She said, well,
why in the world do
you think God
would pick somebody
like you to come back and
bring forth this information?
I said, I know the
answer to that.
They were scraping the
absolute bottom of the barrel.
OK.
And they said, wait a minute.
We've completely
run out of messiahs.
>> NOORY: I've got to tell you,
doesn't he look a little like
an angel?
You do.
>> BRINKLEY: You say
that all the time.
>> NOORY: You look
like an archangel.
The only thing that's
missing are wings.
Now they must be back
there, somewhere.
>> BRINKLEY: Well, I would
have a show if I had wings.
But you know something, George?
As we move and we grow and
our age group transforms,
by looking at this
research-- let
me finish my punchline
of my other joke.
So when the lady
said, why do you
think God would have picked you?
I said, they were scraping the
absolute bottom of the barrel.
They had completely
run out of messiahs,
and they were sitting
around at the angel bar
taking cloud shakes and they
said, here's what let's do.
Let's find us a jackass.
And let's put it all off
on him and send him back
to see how well he does.
And she laughed.
And I said, you may
think that's funny,
but that's how
you got here, too.
When you start to look
at how you got here,
you got here the same way
as I got here, everybody.
There's nothing
different about me,
except I know you don't die.
So what motivates
me is not fear.
What motivates me is
intention and direction
of what I want to
achieve and why
I want to achieve it, from
the highest standards.
And when people start to
look at this issue of death,
it will be the driving force of
the next 40 years, the next 51,
according to the
Maya, of this culture.
>> NOORY: But you're not in
a rush to jump off, are you ?
>> BRINKLEY: You never know.
>> NOORY: You enjoy your life.
>> BRINKLEY: Ooh,
come on, George.
>> NOORY: It's changed.
You're a good guy now.
You devote your time to the
troops and the fallen soldiers.
You're not in a rush to get
to the other side, are you?
>> BRINKLEY: You never know
when the bell is going to ring.
And if you have been dead,
you better get ready.
If you've been where
I've been, you better
clear your
consciousness, you better
take a look a bit back
that whatever scares you
the most is not death.
You perceive it as that
from a religious context.
But what affects you the most
is pain associated with death.
And the methodologies
of advancement
of chemistry and medicine
in our environment.
>> NOORY: Back about four
years ago, in St. Louis,
a friend of mine
is a motorcyclist.
And he died.
>> BRINKLEY: Well,
it served him right.
>> NOORY: He did-- well,
he did something stupid.
>> BRINKLEY: That
will teach him.
Ha!
>> NOORY: He was-- you know,
the old cop lights were up,
and he decided, you know what?
I'm going to outrun these guys.
And he did.
>> BRINKLEY: He was
probably in the Navy.
Was he under your command?
>> NOORY: No, he was not.
>> BRINKLEY: Just checking.
>> NOORY: He hit
a car broadside,
goes flying off the bike and
lands on top of a stop sign,
and it almost severed his body.
Obviously, he died.
I go to the funeral, and for
the first time in my life
I'm looking at this corpse-- I
hate these things, by the way.
>> BRINKLEY: Why?
>> NOORY: I just don't like
these wakes and funerals
and things like that.
>> BRINKLEY: I can accept that.
>> NOORY: But I'm
looking at this guy.
>> BRINKLEY: Open casket?
>> NOORY: Open casket, and
I'm thinking to myself--
and I don't know why this
came over me-- but I said,
what if there's not
life after death?
What if it doesn't exist?
It was the loneliest
feeling I've ever had.
And then I thought about you
and other people I've talked to,
about what is on the other side.
And it came back
to me real fast.
>> BRINKLEY: Absolutely.
>> NOORY: But I got to tell you,
it's the worst feeling thinking
there's nothing
else, that it's over.
>> BRINKLEY: But you
know what, George?
Think about it like this.
What I decided to do from
my near-death experience,
OK, people say
it's life changing,
you hear all the stories.
I figured, based on what I
had seen on the other side,
the possibilities are
the absolute magnificence
that we are, that we chose to
block from our consciousness
so we can achieve the goals
we chose to come to do here.
I figured what
could I do the best?
The best that I could do
with my life as my hobby,
and I have only one hobby,
OK, which is end of life care.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> BRINKLEY: I love
to be at the bedside.
I've been a hospice
volunteer for 35 years.
I have somewhere around
28,000 hours at the bedside.
I've been with 2,006 people
going from this world
to the next, and 423
taking their last breath.
>> NOORY: What do you
tell them, at that moment?
>> BRINKLEY: You listen.
You listen.
Everybody needs closure.
And if you think
you were lonely when
you were looking in that
casket, think about it
when you have a month.
Think about when
you fought in a war,
and you shot people
who looked like you
or didn't look like you,
and you swept a village
with burning children and
animals and mission, mission,
mission.
You know, just like any
military, mission, mission,
mission.
Well, when you get
to lying in that bed
and you start to
look at your life,
because everybody
has to have closure,
there's an art
form to transition.
And I decided that I would
try to co-create that,
so that not only do I talk about
it, write books about death
and dying, I live it.
>> NOORY: You're
there, every day.
Let's take some
questions for you.
Dannion Brinkley with us.
Yes, go ahead.
>> AUDIENCE: Hi, I'm Claudia.
And a lot of times, people
are on great amounts
of morphine and other
drugs before they die.
How do you think that
affects the dying process?
Are they able to transcend?
>> BRINKLEY: OK.
Two levels in morphine.
Morphine is a painkiller,
and it's a good one.
It doesn't allow
you to be lucid.
Oxycontin is a
better painkiller,
but people abuse it,
and here we go again.
But what has to happen is this.
The moment you lift
out of your body,
all that other
chemistry is nonsense.
We're in two places
in our world.
Chemistry and
scientists, they believe
in basic physics,
chemistry, pharmacology.
So they think that the
brain creates everything.
That every felling you
have, every emotion you have
is based on chemistry.
OK.
So that means everything
is a dead universe,
or we focus from
the spiritual point
believe it's a living universe.
And that's going to be
the deciding factor.
But when you deal with
morphine, agitation, the things
that you see, the moment
you lift out of your body,
you're not attached
to the chemistry
and the medicalogical prospects
and aspects of your identity.
You go from the human
mental, physical identity
to the spiritual identity,
which is naturally you, always.
Life is like a costume party.
You dress up in this big bag
of water, which is basically
empty space, and you
come into this dimension
to think you are real.
And science can prove,
you're not only not real,
you're not even here.
I think that's a
greatest part of it.
>> NOORY: I love that.
I've got to ask you
this about dying.
I popped a pizza roll
in a microwave oven.
And I read the instructions.
I did what I was supposed to do.
And it says, make
sure it's cool.
And I touched it,
and it was cool.
And I popped this little thing
in my mouth and I bit into it,
and it was like molten lava.
>> BRINKLEY: I'm sorry.
>> NOORY: And it burned the
top of the skin off the roof
of my mouth.
But what it also
did was, it started
to compress my ear passage.
It started swelling up.
And I couldn't breathe.
>> BRINKLEY: Physical
defense mechanism.
>> NOORY: And to me, one of
the worst ways of dying is
suffocating, because you just
can't breathe or anything.
And I couldn't sleep,
Dannion, that whole night.
>> BRINKLEY: Makes sense.
>> NOORY: Because I didn't know
if I was going to not be able
to breathe.
I didn't if my auto reflexes
would kick in and I'd be OK.
So I stayed awake.
And it was a horrible feeling.
When you die-- and I
got to ask you this--
I'm not trying to be morbid.
>> BRINKLEY: Well, be morbid.
>> NOORY: But I
mean, does it hurt?
>> BRINKLEY: No.
Pain comes in the
medical paradigms.
Pain comes in the injury.
But if you've been at this,
because, George, remember, what
gave me the platform-- I'm
just another near-death
experiencer-- but what
gave me this platform
to speak emphatically about it
is, I've had this experience.
And I die with people.
I study it.
I study ways to reduce the fear.
I watch the pain that happens.
But the hospital that
they took me to in 1975,
on September 17,
Dr. Raymond Moody,
the author of
"Life After Life"--
>> NOORY: The giant of this.
>> NOORY: The Godfather, was
a medical intern and going
to medical school at the
hospital they brought me to.
>> NOORY: How about that.
>> BRINKLEY: And I became
a fable in the hospital.
180 something thousand
volts for 2 and 1/2 seconds,
melted the telephone.
And that I was
struggling to stay alive,
but I was paralyzed.
So Raymond found me.
And the relationship
of the early days
of the near-death
experience, I got
to be around Raymond Moody and
Bruce Greyson and Michael Sabom
and Ian Stevenson
and George Richie.
>> NOORY: The giants
of that field.
>> BRINKLEY: Yeah, and Ken
Ring-- when they were brave.
They were stepping out
into a world to see,
based on studying these
things, a phenomena happening.
Because we had advancements in
cardiopulmonary resuscitation,
because we had new medical
paradigm protocol procedures.
More and more of us
are going to come back.
Now we are a part
of the mainstream.
We're part of the dialogue
when people on television
say, well, that was a
near-death experience.
We're becoming a part
of the mainstream.
What I hope what
your show is doing,
and what this program does,
is drive people to come
to get concise information
about the reality
they live in, but based on
real identifiable causes
and purposes.
No one's going to die.
And if you're not going to
die, then the next thing
is, why are you living?
What are you doing here?
So when I watched George
Richie, a brilliant psychiatrist
at the University of Virginia,
where Raymond went to do
is internship for
psychiatry, because he
wanted to be a
forensic psychiatrist.
He wanted to study
serial killers.
This is how cool Raymond--
>> NOORY: To each his own.
>> BRINKLEY: That's
how cool Raymond is.
>> NOORY: But we know
Raymond, and he's different.
>> BRINKLEY: He's a little,
I call him the Rain Man, OK?
But when you look at
it from that point,
and I've watched 37
years of this experience,
and I've lived on the
cutting edge about it
and sold millions and millions
of books and live in it,
because we have to
reduce the fear of death.
And religion and institutions
and government structures
in place, a sense of--
>> NOORY: Fear.
>> BRINKLEY: --fear
and an inequality.
That we begin to think we're
not great powerful and mighty
spiritual beings with dignity,
direction, and purpose.
And the very moment that you
think anything other than that,
you have a tendency to
fall for so many things.
OK.
And then you get to
depend on it's fear-based.
All that stuff comes about.
Well, I'm not driven
by being fear-based,
and my life is full.
And I honestly can't wait
till that bell rings again.
>> NOORY: Just don't come and
get me when you get there.
We're coming back in just a
moment with Dannion Brinkley.
More "Beyond Belief,"
don't go away.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome
back to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory with
Dannion Brinkley.
This is a live studio audience.
This is not canned applause.
If it was, we'd still be
clapping for you, Dannion.
How are you?
>> BRINKLEY: I am great, George.
>> NOORY: You're
always a pleasure.
What is it like to die?
You said it was fast.
You said it doesn't hurt.
But if somebody is in a car
accident-- I've always wondered
this-- even if it's
a split second,
they got to feel something.
>> BRINKLEY: Well.
>> NOORY: Or is it just
gone, the lights are out?
>> BRINKLEY: Depends, OK?
Because each of us are
unique and individual.
You have to accept that
there's no common position.
We are each unique, individual,
great, powerful, and mighty
spiritual beings with dignity,
direction, and purpose.
The only thing that
could ever go wrong
with a great, powerful,
and mighty spiritual being
with dignity,
direction, and purpose,
if they have allowed something
to affect their dignity.
Death and the fear of
death affects your dignity,
which affects your
direction and purpose.
Other than that,
there's no other crisis.
So sometimes people
need a little pain.
I got struck by
lightning, was burning
and on fire, was
blinded, and paralyzed.
>> BRINKLEY: Who were you
talking to, do you remember?
>> BRINKLEY: I was
talking to my best friend.
I know it was him that was
supposed to get struck.
But you know, God probably
had a Grand Marnier that day.
>> NOORY: You know, and
my mother always told me,
during lightning, George,
stay off the phone.
And I didn't believe her.
>> BRINKLEY: OK.
>> NOORY: And here you are.
>> BRINKLEY: Well, you keep
doing it. then, George.
And so for me, everything that
I've ever had happened to me,
I had it coming.
>> NOORY: You were that bad?
>> BRINKLEY: Oh, please!
Oh, it's not--
>> NOORY: But you were a Marine.
>> BRINKLEY: Oorah!
Get some.
>> NOORY: But a bad one?
>> BRINKLEY: Well,
I was a good one.
>> NOORY: A good Marine?
>> BRINKLEY: Yes, sir.
>> NOORY: A bad person?
>> BRINKLEY: Well, yeah.
But pain comes in this.
I've talked to so many
people who are resuscitated,
because like I said
earlier, I lived
around the beginning
researchers.
When it wasn't like Ebert or Pim
van Lommel, the brilliant works
of scientists
looking at something
they totally couldn't believe
because they were scientists.
And yet it occurs.
And now it's call
non-local possibilities
in quantum science.
We're not talking about
ancient traditions.
We're talking
modern day physics.
Modern day ways to
look at this issue.
We just have to move past
the fear base and embrace it,
because every
single one of us are
going to be a hospice volunteer.
So in pain, depends on
looking at how long you
want to prolong that pain.
$0.70 of every dollar in health
care is spent in the last six
months of life to extend
life an average of 16 days.
If you've ever
seen that 16 days,
based on fear and your
family and medical issues--
because if $0.70 of every
dollar is spent in the last six
months, where's all the money
going and who's getting paid?
>> NOORY: That's
what it's all about.
I went online a
couple months ago
and I looked at my high school
class that had graduated.
And they had little
depictions of people,
you know, George Noory doing
this, and people like that.
And I was in shock,
Dannion, at how many people
in my graduating
class have died.
Some in Vietnam, some
in car accidents,
some because of ill health.
But it's going to
get us all one day.
>> BRINKLEY: It's
going to increase.
So let's finish pain.
Any time somebody's in
pain, you've got it coming.
OK.
Because there was something you
were doing stupid, or something
that you didn't believe
about yourself that you would
put yourself in a place
that you prolong it.
But I've talked
to people, George,
who have been in car accidents,
that it is impossible for them
to have survived it,
but somehow they did.
97% observed it from above.
>> NOORY: That's amazing.
>> BRINKLEY: So there
is a mechanism that,
when the check is getting
ready to be cashed,
there is a system in
play that says, oh, well,
this fool won't make it.
And lifts them out
so they observe it.
But somehow, by whatever how the
divine determines these things,
you're supposed to come back.
And you know from
people who have
had these kind of
experiences, your children
need to be raised, your
grandmother's not ready,
you have to go back.
Well, no one ever gave me a
choice to stay or come back,
George.
Because if they'd have
given me a choice,
this would be an empty chair and
you'd be talking to a mirror.
There is no way,
once you see there,
that this place is anything
but like a playground.
It's like going to Disneyland.
You want to stay over there.
>> NOORY: Do you
know what it's like?
I mean, do you
think you're dead?
Does that even
come into your mind
when you're on the other side?
>> BRINKLEY: Not till the
panoramic life review.
You lift out of
your body, you watch
everything that's
going on around you
from a non-attached
point of view.
You have a certain
sense of finality
and you're an observer.
But you become a distinguished--
with being of integrity.
You don't have your little
pseudo psychological natures
of yourself.
>> NOORY: I mean, at
what point do you say,
I haven't eaten in six months.
I mean, when does it
hit you and you realize
you're not human anymore?
>> BRINKLEY:
Panoramic life review.
I never-- I mean, it
was just someplace else.
And wherever it was I
was better from where
I left, because I was paralyzed,
burning, like drinking
battery acid, on
fire, and blind.
And I couldn't do
anything to this place.
When you acclimate yourself
to this blue-grey place
and then you move down
a tunnel, you usually
hear a series of chimes, or
you cross a meadow, something
that psychologically
represents a change.
>> NOORY: Loved
ones there for you?
>> BRINKLEY: Everybody you've
ever loved and everything
you've ever loved comes
to greet you-- your pets,
your parakeets, you know,
dogs, cats, everything.
>> NOORY: My frogs
I used to launch,
when I was a little
boy, in a rocket?
They come back?
>> BRINKLEY: Well, they'll be
patting their feet and making
those croaking noises, because
of what you did to them.
Because I always
thought, wouldn't you
hate to die on the day--
>> NOORY: They didn't die.
They came back.
They were alive.
>> BRINKLEY: Yeah, OK.
>> NOORY: They floated down.
>> BRINKLEY: Oh, well, then
you don't have to worry.
They'll be happy
to see you, George.
>> NOORY: Can you imagine the
stories they told their little
pond friends?
>> BRINKLEY: Think about it.
>> NOORY: This guy kept put me
in a rocket shut me up 1,200
feet.
That's what they'll say.
>> BRINKLEY: I think
that's wonderful,
because you think about this.
Wouldn't you hate to die the
day that a Nebraska dairy
farmer passes, and all those
cows are there to greet him,
and you're trying to get your
loved ones, dodging cows.
OK?
And so when you meet your
loved ones it's a reunion,
it's a celebration, and to
know that there is continuity
within the context of
this next adventure.
Then you have, George, what
is absolutely, unequivocally,
the most important issue of
the near-death experience.
Everybody thinks dying or
not dying is the issue.
That's crap.
You will see your entire
life pass before you
in a 360 degree panorama.
And you will realize that you
missed absolutely nothing.
Now if think you're
a know-it-all now,
wait till you're dead.
Because all of a
sudden, you encapsulate
everything, every
entity, everything.
And when you see this
panoramic review--
and I always use this
term-- you know how many
hairs was in the nose
of the doctor who
pulled you from your mother.
You have missed absolutely
nothing of this life.
But you chose to come,
and we chose to come,
you have a specific mission,
and you focused on that mission.
Then you literally
see the panorama.
And then you literally watch
it from a second person
point of view.
This is the life review.
It happens to everybody.
And what you do is, you
don't see what you did wrong.
You see the choices
you had to make,
and how close you
got to the right one.
Not that you did wrong, because
there's not a whole lot of
did wrong over there.
It's, let's look at it as a
great, powerful, and mighty
spiritual being with dignity,
direction, and purpose,
and you, yourself,
personally look at.
Because the whole
point of this is
to review this life to
see what you achieved.
And then, you literally
become every person
that you've ever encountered.
And you feel the direct
results of your interaction
between you and them.
OK.
I had to see-- my first
panoramic life review, George.
>> NOORY: That must
have scared you.
Let's talk about
that when we come
right back on "Beyond Belief."
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome
back to "Beyond Belief."
You know, we've got a
live studio audience.
I think, next time, I
should have a live studio
band in here.
What do you think?
>> BRINKLEY: Absolutely.
>> NOORY: You know, Leno
has one, Letterman has one,
why don't I have one?
>> BRINKLEY: I think so.
Hey look, the opportunity
of us, in our age group
and the age group just beyond
us, just younger than us,
and just a little older, they
are searching for answers.
OK.
One of the main issues
is end of life care.
Look what you said.
How many of those classmates--
I graduated with 371 people,
and 46 of them are gone.
>> NOORY: Yeah, amazing.
>> BRINKLEY: I lost 10 people
since January, family, aunts,
uncles, OK?
So everybody's in the field
of learning and facing death.
And I'm so proud, thanks
for having me on this show.
Because I try to
drive away so people
get a chance to see what is
happening, how to look at it.
My biggest deal is this.
If it's not funny
it's not spiritual.
If you're going to talk to me
about death and the other side,
you're not making me
laugh, based on what I know
and what I've seen.
First, you're funny
and ill informed.
So in the end of the point of
once you become every person,
and you feel the direct results
of your interaction between you
and everyone else, you have
to come to two conclusions.
What is the most powerful
thing about that?
Forgiveness, and this is
a fair and just universe.
When you know it's a
fair and just universe,
you know it's a level playing
field, no matter what anybody
says, how much
conspiracy is going on,
it's a level playing universe.
And when you see that, the
power of forgiveness means,
why in the world would I get
between you and something
you did to me when I know
you're going to have to be me?
And most of my stuff
was bad, George.
I mean, I had to go and be
people I had beat up and shot.
And [GUTTURAL NOISE] just
growing up as an insane person.
But the next two
near-death experiences,
I could see that
I have improved.
Then you get to the
great book of records,
the hall of records, the akashic
records, the book of judgement
that everyone talks about.
Well, there is one.
>> NOORY: Who reads it
to you in that state?
>> BRINKLEY: See
how great that is?
Who do you think knows
more about you than you?
>> NOORY: Just you.
>> BRINKLEY: You've got it.
There ain't Saint Peter or God
standing there with a magazine.
You know, that's all--
>> NOORY: Hey, Dannion,
this thing you did in 1804.
>> BRINKLEY: Yeah, you
know, you blew your nose.
I mean, who believes
all that stuff?
That's just crazy.
You judge you.
And what you do
is, you look back
over the panoramic life
review, the choices
and then the interaction.
>> NOORY: Are you seeing
glimpses of your past life?
>> BRINKLEY: No,
you are seeing--
I've never seen a past life.
Everything I'm telling you
now is exactly what happened.
>> NOORY: This life?
>> BRINKLEY: Absolutely.
And is it, like, on video?
>> BRINKLEY: It's
even more than that.
It's holographic.
You are living in it.
You are participating
and connected to it.
The great lesson of
over there, George,
is you are a part of
it, but you are also
recognized as it
being a part of you.
There's no separation.
One of the reasons we choose to
try to come to the earth life
is we can hug.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> BRINKLEY: We can appear
and feel like we're separate.
And that's a rare gift
for a spiritual being.
So when you get to
the book of judgment,
this is the Dannion perspective.
And this is what guides my life.
And I used the term God,
or divine, or ultimate one,
or whatever.
If I could comprehend
what it was,
it wouldn't be worth knowing,
as big a fool as I am.
Well, it's true.
But if God couldn't come today,
and God sent you, in the life
you just reviewed, what
difference does God make?
Well, the difference
that I saw in me,
based on having so many
of these panoramic life
reviews till it gets depressing,
is I could be at the bedside.
I can listen and
help you find closer.
I can create an organization
called the Twilight Brigade.
And I can drive people
to come and learn
the art of being present and
listening, because everybody
needs to be heard.
And this event, in
this new book, George,
called "10 Things to
Know Before You Go,"
it's my new book for Harper,
"10 Things You Need to Know
Before You Go; Aspire to
Inspire Before you Expire."
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> BRINKLEY: That's
the name of it.
What you want to do is,
you want to create a guide,
a way to observe, and get
reinforced in the process.
The first page of
the book it says,
what's the number one
cause of death in America
and most other countries?
That's all it says.
You turn the page
and it says, birth.
>> NOORY: Yeah, from
the moment you're born.
>> BRINKLEY: Birth is the
number one cause of death.
You turn to the next page
and it says remember,
if you're breathing,
you're leaving.
And if you just took a
breath, this book is for you.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> BRINKLEY: So what I want to
do is take people into a place,
we got to get over it,
because you got to help
your grandmother, your brother,
your sisters, your aunts,
your uncles, your classmates.
You have to be knowledgeable.
And if you can ease
into it as a caregiver,
because we're all
compassionate, if you
can ease into it as a caregiver,
you not only lose your fear,
you help people in situations.
Some will have
near-death experiences
and come back and
tell you about them.
But others, people
need to be heard.
So they find and lose the fear.
And then we break
the medical paradigm
that is keeping people alive
long past their time to go.
And then once we
get a way to look
at this thing we
call death, we can
create ways to open up to
broader aspects of what's
going on in our life.
I wrote this new book because
I'm sick and tired of death.
I'm breathing.
>> NOORY: I don't blame you.
>> BRINKLEY: It's about living.
You know, if there's 10 things
you need to know before you go,
what's the book about?
It's about life.
>> NOORY: Are you a believer
that what you do in this life
comes back to you
10-fold in future lives?
Or wherever?
>> BRINKLEY: Well, I absolutely
believe that without any
question, because it's
a byproduct of realizing
you're a great, powerful, and
mighty spiritual being with
dignity, direction, and purpose.
You were that
before you got here.
You'll be that
while you're here.
And you'll be that
when you leave here.
Now here is the opportunity
mess it up a little bit,
which I'm the best
there is at it.
But I don't know about
reincarnation, George.
When I sit here, before
you and this audience,
what I'm talking
about, about death.
>> NOORY: This life.
>> BRINKLEY: I know it.
You cannot, after 37 years
of being in end of life care,
and I was doing hospice
before I came here,
and I lost a 37-year-old Navy
guy who weighed 62 pounds.
And I watched what
he was going through.
And that I know my way and I
understand these principles.
And people say,
well, Dannion, do you
tell them about the
near-death experience?
No.
Maybe one out of 40.
Because it's not about me.
It's about them finding
ways to appreciate
that their life was well lived.
So that they can go
in peace and comfort.
And they'll know how to go
from this world to the next.
Someone always comes.
You're not ever left alone.
And once you get comfortable
with this, what we can do
is explore everything
else without fear.
What people can do, and you
can look at art forms of life
to improve it, I want people to
get the most out of this life.
Because, like you said, I
know when you get over there,
based on the panoramic
life review, where
you get to go on vacation
after you've done your duty--
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> BRINKLEY: This is
like serving nine years.
OK?
This is like six years
in the Marine Corps.
You know, you're on a mission.
But when you get
finished with the job,
based on how well you achieved
your goal, where you get to go,
where you get to explore--
so when you say, you know,
you're going to go to
heaven or hell-- well
I never got to hell.
OK.
So all I know is it's
like Genesis says,
there're seven heavens.
OK, I've seen four of them.
So for me, I'm going to try
to do a good job at being
at the bedside
and helping people
reduce their fear of death
and empower their life.
And then, when it
happens to someone
they're close to, they can
be the greatest caregiver,
using the art form called
the Twilight Brigade,
to help that person go from
this side to the other.
>> NOORY: Do you feel as
if you're giving back now?
Does it make you feel good?
>> BRINKLEY: Well, it keeps
me out of trouble, George.
If I stay at the bedside,
I can't start but so much--
>> NOORY: You can't be doing
whatever you were doing.
>> BRINKLEY: Yeah, what
else my mind goes to.
You know, I have an obsessive
compulsive personality.
I have to continuously
be stimulated.
And conversations,
perfect example.
I have a guy that
no one talks to him.
He's mean as hell, OK?
So I get all the
people who are bad.
>> NOORY: You get to him.
>> BRINKLEY: No, all my
Twilighter guys make me a list
of who's the bad guys.
I go there.
This is a guy, mean,
aggravated, and I stand there
and say, look, I know
exactly how you feel.
I act like that
most of the time.
I said, but tell me who you are.
And this exchange game--
>> NOORY: He starts opening up.
>> BRINKLEY: And he starts
to see being appreciated.
And this guy was in North
Africa, a black gentleman,
in North Africa
and he was a cook.
And a guy in his bathrobe
came out and said,
is this your Jeep?
Yeah.
And he's delivering potatoes.
And he said, well, take those
potatoes out and take me
to my tent.
So he did it, looked
like an officer.
It was George S. Patton.
And this was George
S. Patton's driver.
>> NOORY: Hahaha.
>> BRINKLEY: From
Sicily to Berlin.
>> NOORY: What history.
>> BRINKLEY: My God, George,
I'm hearing stories of Patton
in a 1939 Willis Jeep,
in a battlefield,
with our little Sherman
tanks against Panzer Tigers.
And he's riding in the middle
of dodging bullets in a field
with this guy driving the Jeep.
>> NOORY: Yeah, and this
guy is opening up to you,
and he's become a nice guy.
>> BRINKLEY: Not only
that, somebody cared.
Somebody wanted to
listen to his story.
And someone like me, I mean,
all of the great battles.
And to listen to that, and
that's what I get back.
>> NOORY: You showed you cared.
Let's take some more
questions for you, Dannion,
from our audience.
Yes, sir.
>> AUDIENCE: Dannion, you've
got a very positive attitude
on the afterlife.
And I agree with it.
But Dr. Maurice
Rawlings, in 1993,
wrote a book called "To Hell
and Back," and his research
on the near-death experiences.
Some of the people had
quite a different take
on the afterlife.
Are you familiar with that?
And what is your opinion?
>> NOORY: It's not all fun
and games on the other side.
>> BRINKLEY: Yeah, it is.
Yes, it is.
Look, George.
>> NOORY: The devil made
you say that, didn't he?
>> BRINKLEY: Well,
you know, hey.
I just had to see what the
paycheck was, you know.
>> NOORY: I mean, isn't there
a place where evil goes?
>> BRINKLEY: Let's hope so.
But let me tell you something.
When you see the
panoramic life review,
you've got to remember, as long
as you exist in this paradigm,
OK, then there is
a transitory place.
I call it the blue-grey place.
It's where people float
above and look and watch.
The first two times I was
in the blue-grey place,
13 years apart, I thought
I was the only one there.
Which is how I think
about everything, anyway.
So I'm the only one
there, you know,
it's, everything's about me.
And then I realized that
this was another realm,
that there were levels
of consciousness.
I wrote about it in
"Secrets of the Light."
Because you don't have to go
down the tunnel as long as
you're dimensionally
connected to the earth plane.
Once you go down the
tunnel, that life review
is hell enough.
That life review, from a
powerful, mighty, spiritual
being.
>> NOORY: Good or bad, it's
got to be pretty strong.
>> BRINKLEY: A
creation of the divine.
Ultimate love and compassion,
integrity, honesty, and honor--
there are no other functions
once you see yourself
in that realm.
That's it.
OK.
To see the stupid stuff
you do in the name of ego.
It's never what you
do, it why you do it.
So as I look at the
near-death experiences, sir,
and you didn't
give us your name.
>> AUDIENCE: Mike.
>> BRINKLEY: As I look at
the near-death experiences,
like we said earlier, I have
lived in it for 37 years.
I know every major
researcher in the world.
I know them, I look
at their studies.
I look at their information.
Because every person
is individual.
Roughly 3% of all
near-death experiences
are hellish experiences.
But the place that you go
is that in between world.
That place where you're
caught up, still, in you.
The Hindus have a name
for it, the Tibetans
have a name for it.
>> NOORY: Did we call
it purgatory in our day?
>> BRINKLEY: Well, the
Catholics call it purgatory.
But it's a place.
OK.
And until you decide to
let go of all those issues,
that ego-driven or like, I
was thinking about Hitler,
someone asked me about Hitler.
Where would Hitler go?
Well, I'm pretty sure he
stayed in the blue-grey place
a while so he could keep on
doing whatever he thought
was right, because
he had that mindset.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> BRINKLEY: But once you get
down that tunnel and you have
a life review and you're going
to be everybody you've ever
encountered, he has six
million people he tortured.
He's still there.
He's still being
everyone of those people.
>> NOORY: That's his torture?
>> BRINKLEY: That's everybody's
Hell, but let me finish,
can I finish this?
>> NOORY: All right, go ahead.
And we'll take one more.
>> BRINKLEY: So about 3% of
the cases that I've seen,
which is probably about 40, I
can, right away and understand,
2 and 1/2%, drugs, chemical
reactions, type of reaction,
some shock, and a basic
mental/spiritual concept
of their reality.
But there's a 1/2%,
I have no idea.
OK.
I don't.
Or are setup as psychologies,
but basically, none of you
are going to hell.
Because if I didn't go, you
don't have a chance at it.
You can absolutely
forget it as a concept,
and let love and compassion
and joy and kindness drive you.
Because that is the greatest
reward when you are everybody
you've ever encountered.
People say, well, Dannion,
you hug everybody.
Right.
Well, who do you
think I'm hugging?
Me.
Because when I get
on the other side,
I have 15 million hugs to
go through before I even
have to deal with some of
that crap I got myself into.
>> NOORY: Are you going to have
anybody on the other side that
you hope you don't see?
>> BRINKLEY: Long as I'm only
other side, I don't care.
Because you see, George, watch.
It's my personality and
people dealing with me.
I have a joyous sense about it.
And I see the most horrible
transitions on earth.
And I see it every day.
And I see some of the greatest.
But if it's not funny,
it's not spiritual.
And if you don't see
the joy in this life,
and whatever is stopping
you from not seeking
this joy in this
life, you are doing
your own self an injustice.
I want people to get that.
We live in a changing
world of insanity.
It is changing so fast
that we don't really
see how quickly it's
changing around us.
$16 trillion?
Who in the hell's going to
pay $16 trillion, George?
OK?
When did this even
come into existence?--
1946, Dumbarton
Oaks in Brentwood.
We don't have a
choice but to change.
choice but to embrace.
And if we embrace the
identity of ourselves
as spiritual beings, death
will be the first, then pain,
and then without fear we
can make the right decisions
collectively, together
as spiritual beings,
to transform the world
that we're living in,
or we will be in world war.
Today, we're at the precipice
of world peace or world war.
>> NOORY: You are an example
of why the other side is well
worth looking at,
every once in while.
>> BRINKLEY: Thank you, George.
>> NOORY: We're coming back,
final segment with Dannion
Brinkley on "Beyond Belief."
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And we're
with Dannion Brinkley.
Dannion in December of
2011, I lost my father.
He had fallen.
He was 88 years old,
World War II veteran.
Broke his neck.
Never complained.
I'm living in St Louis
and LA, he's in Detroit.
My mother started seeing his
neck swelling and swelling
a week or so later.
And so she brought
him into the doctor.
And the doctor said, he's
going right into the hospital.
So they put him in the
hospital and they x-rayed him.
And while he was in bed
listening to the doctor talking
to my sisters and my
mother, the doctor said,
we're going to have to
operate on him to fix it.
We're going to go through
his throat, in the front,
and try to repair this
severed bone back there.
He heard that and
decided to leave.
>> BRINKLEY: I am out of here.
>> NOORY: He died,
just like that.
>> BRINKLEY: I am blowing
this popsicle stand.
>> NOORY: I have
always wondered,
he seemed to go peaceably.
>> BRINKLEY: Absolutely.
The first thing you
think about, no one
ever thinks about themselves.
The first thing a
person thinks about,
George, is who you can
control, because you're
losing your ability.
The three reasons
for suicide, there's
three reasons-- improper pain
management, loss of dignity,
a burden on the family.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> BRINKLEY: OK.
He thought, was it
going to be painful?
OK.
And I'm 88 years old
and I lived this long.
>> NOORY: I'm not going
to go through that.
>> BRINKLEY: Second, what am
I going to put my wife through
and my daughters through?
And when I go
through it, then what
are the risks, improper
pain management.
All right?
And then, burden on the family.
A spiritual being
ranges those three.
Then they'll see if there's
anybody they need to see.
I saw a woman with
leukemia that there
was no possible way
she could be alive,
and lived 55 days on a
half a glass of water
a day until her
sister got there,
so that they could have closure.
>> NOORY: And then she died.
>> BRINKLEY: Yeah.
I mean the 20 minutes, 55 days.
So Pop, you know,
he's laying back.
George is doing pretty good.
The daughter's doing good.
I see the daughter knowing this
is going to take care of momma.
Well, I am out of here.
You are in control.
You think you're not
in control, but you
can go to any emergency
room or intensive care unit
and you can ask any
doctor or any nurse
or any orderly in there
about who's in control.
What we get caught
up in, George,
is all those systems of
what you've got to do.
And you've got to keep
them alive forever.
And you have to do all
that kind of stuff.
That's crazy.
And dad, that's the man from
the greatest generation.
You know, that's
just cool, George.
And I'll tell you
something else--
and I'm not supposed be
in the Swami business--
but I can sense his presence.
I can sense him, influences
you in books and things
that you're writing
about communication.
Because Edison thought
And in the next 20 years, we
will have communication devices
that will be able to
achieve that as we break
through the Higgs Boson
particle concept in CERN
in the accelerator.
Once we move to
sub-sub-subatomic,
where neutrinos are broken down
into their three basic wave
particles, which is where
we are now in science,
we're not in
Newtonian mechanics.
We're in wave particle
dimensional, psychological,
and physiological
quantum concepts.
Once we do that, we will
pass through the veil.
The veil is very thin.
It's a frequency in harmonics.
Those seven tones that
I heard, you know,
there are seven tones.
And each one of them is
a frequency transition
that my body
reverberates and lets
go of material aspect
concepts and enters
ethereal spiritual concepts.
So dad hung around.
>> NOORY: We'll be
talking to them.
And I hope it's not a
long distance phone call.
>> BRINKLEY: Well, it depends
on the frequency modulation.
Look at AM and FM, which
is now digital compression.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> BRINKLEY: I mean,
it's instant, is global.
People say, well, I don't think
it's ever going to be possible.
I can take my cell phone out,
I can take a picture of you,
and I can send it to a
friend of mine in China.
From right here, click,
put in my pocket,
in less than three
seconds he has you.
If that's possible, think
about where Dick Tracy would
be today with that stupid
two-way wrist radio.
If that's possible
that that can happen,
to believe that we
could communicate
with other dimensions,
look at CERN, George.
Look at this collider.
They can take a neutrino,
which is a particle that you
can measure, you can add a
tachyon nano transmitter, which
is an even smaller
particle called a tachyon
and you can attach an
identifier onto it.
And then you can bombard
it with electrons.
And it will leave
this dimension.
It will leave it.
It'll go.
It's not there.
>> NOORY: Well, what does that
tell you about what happens
to us?
>> BRINKLEY: But what?
At the moment you
release that bombardment,
the same neutrino comes back.
It went somewhere outside
of basic physics concepts.
And because it had a
tachyon marker on it,
you know it's the same neutron.
Well think about
what it does for us.
We are neutrons.
We are neutrons and electrons.
So when you pass, you
change your frequency.
You change your frequency.
And to be able to come back, the
hardest part about coming back
is how we deal with
those who are gone.
Well, do you think mother's OK?
I'm depressed, she left me.
You think I'm going to
come back from heaven
to prove to you that I'm OK?
>> NOORY: No.
>> BRINKLEY: You
can forget all that.
>> NOORY: You're gone.
>> BRINKLEY: You better
be cheerful and stuff,
and I might show up.
>> NOORY: Well, how do you
explain hauntings and things
like that?
>> BRINKLEY: The
blue-grey place.
I never believed any of that
stuff, and I was dead twice.
I never believed any of that.
It was the third near-death
experience, after 22 years,
before I ever stayed
in the blue-grey place.
You know, I spent 41
hours in recovery,
George, because I was so
obsessively compulsive
about this blue-grey place.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> BRINKLEY: I had already
been down a tunnel,
and had the panoramic
life review.
And I'd already seen heaven.
I said, well, damn, where
in the world it this?
And you could see veterans.
Why I created the Twilight
Brigade is veterans
were trapped.
They felt betrayed.
They were in prison camps.
And they kept wandering
through prison camps and war
and battlefields and
all those things.
And I saw them trapped.
So I created the
Twilight Brigade
so that I could train
people to help people cross.
Once they got to
the other side, they
could help those in between.
Because this is how it operates.
And so when you see
hauntings and ghosts,
I never believed in any of that.
You know, I listened to
people tell those stories.
It's like you and I when
we're at a convention, when
you sit around at the end
and everybody's a Swami.
And in the Swami
business in some field.
I used to listen to
all that, you know?
But once I saw the
blue-grey place--
I wrote about in "Secrets"--
I realized what ghosts are,
why they stay, that they
have a valuable presence
because they're in
the in-between world.
They can enter this world based
on the thoughts and emotions
of us.
And a lot of times, it has to
do that we either were afraid of
or we liked some
pattern of behavior.
Look at abuse.
Why do you think domestic
violence and abuse
becomes almost--
>> NOORY: Commonplace.
>> BRINKLEY: --commonplace.
Because you are
attracting fields
of energy of people who were
so used to it, that they didn't
want to go down the tunnel.
They were so connected to
it as abusers and abusees
that that energy
flows back over here
as a pattern when
those people set.
>> NOORY: What is that
tunnel that you talk about,
that so many people talk about?
>> BRINKLEY: Well, I've
looked at black holes, quarks,
quantum dynamic theory.
It has to be a methodology,
because most people it's
a tunnel, some it's a
bridge, some it's a meadow,
it's a boundary.
But most people, I mean,
from Tibet, it's a tunnel.
It has to be a spinning
energetic field
that we pass through
as we release
the mental, physical self.
Because it's moving,
whether I was moving or not.
It was changing color.
And it was colors
that I had never seen.
And I could hear these tones.
And each tone, I would become
more focused in that world,
as opposed to the
one I had left.
And by the time I got
to the end of the tunnel
in this blue-grey
place, I was aware
that I was somewhere
completely different
from where I was left.
But I didn't know I was dead.
>> NOORY: Right.
That doesn't hit you right away.
>> BRINKLEY: It's nonsense.
This is the near-death
experience, George.
You're having a
near-death experience.
Every breath you take
is the way of knowing
you're having a
near-death experience.
>> NOORY: Well, I've been
known to die on the air before.
>> BRINKLEY: Well, I
have never heard it.
But over there is
the life experience.
When you quit breathing,
you become alive--
when you quit breathing.
One of the great
things I learned,
George, is that people don't
know when something spiritually
ethereal happens.
It happens when you breathe
in and there is a place
before you breathe out
that your breath stops.
Like there is a space
in between each word.
OK, when you breathe in,
you breathe in everything
around you, colors,
hues, energies.
You analyze it.
It touches the divine in
your eight sinus cavities
in that one moment.
And the action you take
when you breathe out
is how you transform the world.
And I always say, you
breathe in for you and out
for spiritual involvement.
You don't throw a
punch breathing in.
You throw a punch breathing out.
>> NOORY: When you came
back, this tough Marine,
who was not a good
person, as you'll admit,
what made you change?
>> BRINKLEY: That I saw that
when I was going to be every
person I had ever encountered,
why was I hitting my own self
in the face?
If I'm seeing the
damage I'm doing--
that's why I like
forgiveness-- I'm not
going to get between
you and what's coming.
>> NOORY: Did you do
this to yourself, then?
Did you cure yourself?
>> BRINKLEY: Well, wisdom
and knowledge is the greatest
bearer of change.
And if I went through
it the first time,
I realized that by the time
that 13 years had passed,
it was time that
they kill me again,
because I resent hypocrisy.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> BRINKLEY: I cannot
stand-- the most fierce word
in my language now
is tacky, you know,
where it was about
nine four-letter words,
now it's tacky.
Because when you're tacky
and you're a hypocrite,
idle in hypocrisy, I don't
want anything to do with it.
And you anger me.
Because what we're watching
happen is based on an illusion.
The physical, mental
state is an illusion.
It's an illusion.
Science can prove today
that nobody is in this room.
But what it doesn't
do-- it does it
science, chemical--
not energetic.
Because now with
quantum physics,
energetically, we
are in this room.
We are not just chemistry.
They've proven that they
think they're right,
because they create
drugs and they give us
identity of the
mental/physical self.
But there is a spiritual self
that's-- physical matter is 99%
percent empty space.
And you're just a
big bag of water.
And if you tried to look
at yourself physically,
you realize that you're just
basically a water treatment
plant.
>> NOORY: That's right.
Dannion get out your website,
author of "Saved By the Light."
New book, what's the
title going to be?
>> BRINKLEY: "10 Things
to Know Before You Go."
And it's just dannion.com.
Or just punch d-a-n-n-i-o-n.
And you will find,
probably, one of the most
compassionate, insane
people that you've ever
had the privilege
to hang out with.
And thank you, everybody,
for being a part.
>> NOORY: Dannion Brinkley.
Thank you, my friend.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: You know, I've had the
pleasure of talking to Dannion
for years now on
"Coast to Coast" radio,
and now on "Beyond Belief."
Every time I talk
to him, he just
amazes me about his
caring, his energy
in helping us
understand just what
could be on the other side.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC]